Rearrange the sample projects into a separate root folder (#4099)
graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet: README.md

You can get all preview versions from [GitHub Packages](https://github.com/orgs/graphql-dotnet/packages?repo_name=graphql-dotnet).
Note that GitHub requires authentication to consume the feed. See [here](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/packages/publishing-and-managing-packages/about-github-packages#authenticating-to-github-packages).

> ## Example Projects and Sibling Repositories
> | Route			     | Notes			           												      |  Link 								     |
> |----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | GraphQL.Net/Samples        | Sample Projects focussed on the Features of the Core GraphQL Library (this) an Implementation of the GraphQL Spec                      | https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet                        |
> | GraphQL.Net.Server/Samples | Sample Projects focussed on the Features of the Server Package (Utilities to hooking up a GraphQL Server  in tune with Dotnet Web APIs | https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/server/tree/master/samples            |
> | Examples/Src               | Community Provided Examples. Not necessary Patterns Supported by this project. Provide a way to see how other people use the Lib       | https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/examples/tree/master/src              |
> | GraphQl.Net.Client/Examples| Example Implementations for the GraphQL Client implementation.								              | https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/graphql-client/tree/master/examples   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example Projects and Sibling Repositories

| Project/Route               | Description                                                                                                            |
|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [GraphQL.Net/Samples](https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet)                              | Sample projects focused on showcasing features of the core GraphQL library, an implementation of the GraphQL specification.           |
| [GraphQL.Net.Server/Samples](https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/server/tree/master/samples)           | Sample projects highlighting features of the server package, including utilities for integrating a GraphQL server with .NET Web APIs. |
| [Examples/Src](https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/examples/tree/master/src)                           | Community-provided examples. These may not represent officially supported patterns but show how others use the library.               |
| [GraphQL.Net.Client/Examples](https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/graphql-client/tree/master/examples) | Example implementations for the GraphQL client library.                                                                               |
```
